Berezina comes from two Hebrew words
bara and Sina Bahram aims to create Xena
means abundance and when you put those
together Berezina you get creative
abundance I've been teaching singing and
drama on the north coast of Northern
Ireland for over three years until last
year I thought wow there is so much
talent here
let's get these young people together
singing together having fun together
meeting together and
I love music I go to be useful which is
the Irish Film Valley castle I joined
the choir last September right at the
start
we meet every Tuesday night a social
Center and foul money which means I
travel 30 minutes to be at rehearsals
but I wouldn't miss it
it's a Korean home to sing it and I get
to meet lots of new friends
waited a concert in the bow money time
hole in February I was dabbling in a
whole new world and I had danced with
Matthew who was a lot of I loved it I
think he did too
hi I'm Emily and I'm ten years old I
live in coal oil and I go to the oil
primary school I joined the choir last
September and I was sooo nervous at the
addition but when I got up on stage and
sang to Remy I was really happy and so
excited to be in the choir I really
wanted to be in bars in the youth choir
because I just love to sing dance and
have a little fun which is exactly what
we do as far as aliens choir we send
Disney Souls
musical theater songs and some gospel to
my favorite song at the minute is he's
the Cape because there's a really funky
ass in bass and I get to do some Irish
dancing in the middle of it too engine
we did a flash mob in the fat health
center and Ballymena we have to get up
on practice at 7:30 in the morning I was
so tired but then when we started it was
so much fun then when we began to sing
people were so shocked and I just loved
it
there are currently over 50 young people
embarrassing if Claire aged between 7
and 14 representing 30 schools that's
primary and whose primary the young
people are true effect toward when they
have an abundance of energy and talent
and we love just being together and
singing together it's great